- ( sighs )
- you play jazz flute?
- I dabble.
- Oh.
Would everyone love
to hear ron burgundy
play "yazz" flute?
- Get it goin', ron!
- Yes!  Please.
You, on stage now.
Okay, I guess I can play
a little ditty.
- Honestly, I'm--
- come on.
- Give him a hand.
- I'm not prepared.
Not at all.
- Yeah!
- This is a surprise,
I'll tell you.
( chuckles )
Guys, "east harlem
shakedown," e flat?
Keep the cymbals splashy,
And, jay, let's take
the bass line for a walk.
( sputtering )
Hold on.
I'm not hearing it right.
Hold on.
( playing )
We got it now.
It's all right.
Woman:
Fire up, ronnie!
Little "ham
and eggs" comin' at you.
Hope you got your griddles.
( grunts )
That's baby-makin' music,
that's what that is.
- Let's go!
- ( microphone feedback )
( gasps )
( plays "aqualung" riff )
Hey, aqualung!
( cheering )
Thank you.
Thank you!